= RRAKE -- RemoteRake 

Supporting Rake version: 0.8.7.

This package contains RemoteRake, a Rake clone with remote task execution.

RemoteRake has the following features:

* Standard Rakefiles with the addition of the remote keyword.

* Conditions cause a task's execution to depend upon the prerequisites execution status.

* The decision to execute a task can be overridden with a proc.

* Actions and override_needed must use do/end. Brackets {} is not currently supported (breaks on 1.9).

Currently tested on:

* ubuntu-10.04.1-server-i386

* Windows XP SP3

* Mac OS X 10.6.5

* OpenBSD 4.8 snapshot 20101224


== Installation

=== Gem Installation

Download and install  rake with the following.

   TODO gem install rrake

=== Normal Installation

You can download the source tarball of the latest version of RemoteRake from

* TODO http://rubyforge.org/project/showfiles.php?group_id=

Extract the tarball and run

  % ruby install.rb

from its distribution directory.

== Usage

=== Simple Example

First, you must write a "Rakefile" file which contains the build rules. Here's
a simple example:

  task :default => [:test]
  
  task :test do
    ruby "test/unittest.rb"
  end

This Rakefile has two tasks:

* A task named "test", which - upon invocation - will run a unit test file in
  Ruby.
* A task named "default". This task does nothing by itself, but it has exactly
  one dependency, namely the "test" task. Invoking the "default" task will
  cause Rake to invoke the "test" task as well.

Running the "rrake" command without any options will cause it to run the
"default" task in the Rakefile:

  % ls
  Rakefile     test/
  % rake
  (in /home/some_user/Projects/rake)
  ruby test/unittest.rb
  ....unit test output here...

Type "rrake --help" for all available options.


=== More Information

* For details on RemoteRake's command-line invocation, read
  doc/command_line_usage.rdoc[http://rrake.rubyforge.org/files/doc/command_line_usage_rdoc.html]
* For details on writing Rakefiles, see
  doc/rakefile.rdoc[http://rrake.rubyforge.org/files/doc/rakefile_rdoc.html].
* For a glossary of terms, see
  doc/glossary.rdoc[http://rrake.rubyforge.org/files/doc/glossary_rdoc.html].

== Development

=== Source Repository

RemoteRake is currently hosted at github. The github web page is
http://github.com/notro/rrake. The public git clone URL is

* git://github.com/notro/rrake.git

=== Running the Rake Test Suite

If you wish to run the unit and functional tests that come with Rake:

* Use the --development switch on gem install rrake to get the needed gems.
* Install the 'session' gem in order to run the functional tests (doesn't work on Windows and OpenBSD).
* CD into the top project directory of rrake.
* Type one of the following:

     rrake -T                 # If you have a version of rrake installed
     ruby -Ilib bin/rrake -T  # If you do not have a version of rrake installed.

=== Issues and Bug Reports

Feature requests and bug reports can be made here

* <TODO>
 
No account is needed for posting requests.  

Issues and bug reports can be tracked here:

* <TODO>

== Online Resources

=== Rake References

* Rake Documentation Home: http://docs.rubyrake.org
* Rake Project Page: http://rubyforge.org/projects/rake
* Rake API Documents: http://rake.rubyforge.org
* Rake Source Code Repo:  http://github.com/jimweirich/rake
* Rake Git Repo Clone URL: git://github.com/jimweirich/rake.git
* Rake Issue Tracking: http://www.pivotaltracker.com/projects/28469
* Rake Bug Reports: http://onestepback.org/cgi-bin/bugs.cgi?project=rake

=== Presentations and Articles about Rake

* Jim Weirich's 2003 RubyConf presentation: http://onestepback.org/articles/buildingwithrake/
* Martin Fowler's article on Rake: http://martinfowler.com/articles/rake.html

== Other Rake spin offs

* Distributed Rake: A branch of Rake supporting automatic parallelizing of tasks. http://drake.rubyforge.org/

== Credits

[<b>Jim Weirich</b>] For making a very versatile build tool.
[<b>Matz</b>] For making a very flexible and enjoyable language.

== License

Rake is available under an MIT-style license.

:include: MIT-LICENSE

== Support
<TODO>
The Rake homepage is http://rrake.rubyforge.org.  You can find the Rake
RubyForge page at http://rubyforge.org/projects/rrake.

Feel free to submit commits or feature requests.  If you send a patch,
remember to update the corresponding unit tests.  If fact, I prefer
new feature to be submitted in the form of new unit tests.

---

= Other stuff

Author::   Noralf Tronnes <notro@tronnes.org>
Requires:: Ruby 1.8.7 or later
License::  Copyright 2003-2010 by Jim Weirich.
           Copyright 2010 by Noralf Tronnes.
           Released under an MIT-style license.  See the MIT-LICENSE file
           included in the distribution.

== Warranty

This software is provided "as is" and without any express or
implied warranties, including, without limitation, the implied
warranties of merchantibility and fitness for a particular
purpose.
